Customer Trace Tester (#137)
SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-tools: README.md

  -- stress-tester
```

#### Configuration

You can set Jaeger Go client env variables (such as `JAEGER_AGENT_HOST` or `JAEGER_COLLECTOR`) and stress-tester specific ones:

- `TOTAL_SPANS` (default=10000000) - total number of spans to generate
- `SPANS_PER_MIN` (required) - rate of spans per minute (the tester will adjust the delay between iterations to reach such rate)

> ### Customer Trace Tester
> `customer-trace-tester` is simple tool that generates a desired number of spans and traces and sends them using OpenTelemetry exporters.
> Traces can be easily found with the `service=customer-trace-test-service` filter in the Sumo Logic web application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Customer Trace Tester

`customer-trace-tester` is simple tool that generates a desired number of spans and traces and sends them using OpenTelemetry exporters.
Traces can be easily found with the `service=customer-trace-test-service` filter in the Sumo Logic web application.
```

```
 kubectl run stress-tester \
  -it --rm \
  --restart=Never -n sumologic \
  --image sumologic/kubernetes-tools \
  --serviceaccount='collection-sumologic' \
  --env COLLECTOR_HOSTNAME=collection-sumologic-otelcol.sumologic \
  --env TOTAL_TRACES=1 \
  --env SPANS_PER_TRACE=10 \
  -- customer-trace-tester
```

> #### Configuration
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### Configuration

```

You can configure this tool by setting the following env variables:

> - `COLLECTOR_HOSTNAME` (default=collection-sumologic-otelcol.sumologic) - the hostname/service of OpenTelemetry Collector
> - `TOTAL_TRACES` (default=1) - total number of traces to generate
> - `SPANS_PER_TRACE` (default=10) - number of spans per trace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `COLLECTOR_HOSTNAME` (default=`collection-sumologic-otelcol.sumologic`) - the hostname/service of OpenTelemetry Collector
- `TOTAL_TRACES` (default=`1`) - total number of traces to generate
- `SPANS_PER_TRACE` (default=`10`) - number of spans per trace
```

  -- stress-tester
```

#### Configuration

You can set Jaeger Go client env variables (such as `JAEGER_AGENT_HOST` or `JAEGER_COLLECTOR`) and stress-tester specific ones:

- `TOTAL_SPANS` (default=10000000) - total number of spans to generate
- `SPANS_PER_MIN` (required) - rate of spans per minute (the tester will adjust the delay between iterations to reach such rate)

### Customer Trace Tester

> `customer-trace-tester` is simple tool that generates a desired number of spans and traces and sends them using OpenTelemetry exporters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`customer-trace-tester` is a simple tool that generates a desired number of spans and traces and sends them using OpenTelemetry exporters.
```

- `TOTAL_SPANS` (default=10000000) - total number of spans to generate
- `SPANS_PER_MIN` (required) - rate of spans per minute (the tester will adjust the delay between iterations to reach such rate)

> ### Customer Trace Tester
> There's a simple tool that generates a desired number of spans and traces and sends them using OpenTelemetry exporters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Customer Trace Tester

`stress-tester` is a simple tool that generates a desired number of spans and traces and sends them using OpenTelemetry exporters.
```

```
 kubectl run stress-tester \
  -it --rm \
  --restart=Never -n sumologic \
  --image sumologic/kubernetes-tools \
  --serviceaccount='collection-sumologic' \
  --env COLLECTOR_HOSTNAME=collection-sumologic-otelcol.sumologic \
  --env TOTAL_TRACES=1 \
  --env SPANS_PER_TRACE=10 \
  -- customer-trace-tester
```

> 
> You can configure tool by setting env variables: such as `COLLECTOR_HOSTNAME` and stress-tester specific ones:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Configuration

You can configure tool by setting env variables: such as `COLLECTOR_HOSTNAME` and stress-tester specific ones:
```

> You can configure tool by setting env variables: such as `COLLECTOR_HOSTNAME` and stress-tester specific ones:
> - `COLLECTOR_HOSTNAME` (default=collection-sumologic-otelcol.sumologic) - the hostname/service of OpenTelemetry Collector
> - `TOTAL_TRACES` (default=1) - total number of traces to generate
> - `SPANS_PER_TRACE` (default=1) - number of spans per trace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure this tool by setting the following env variables:

- `COLLECTOR_HOSTNAME` (default=collection-sumologic-otelcol.sumologic) - the hostname/service of OpenTelemetry Collector
- `TOTAL_TRACES` (default=1) - total number of traces to generate
- `SPANS_PER_TRACE` (default=1) - number of spans per trace
```

> 

Reviewer: Can we add an exemplar output of this tool?

Author: Good idea, added :)
